illegal
Is it the rules that matter?
It is still the signboard of my Gao Sheng Group that is important.
See what if he opens his mouth like a lion
Lion's mouth wide open
If he opens his mouth wide
It proves that there is something wrong with his character
He won't have to mix in this business in the future
My sage will be regarded as a daughter
But if you're wrong
This sewing box is really an old thing
You know I have a good temper.
Then do as you say
Little brother, make a price
5 million 50 million
Yang Min, are you crazy?
This shit isn't even worth 5 bucks
How dare you sell 50 million
Mr. Xu
transfer money
50 million yuan received
Little brother, can you show me this time?
Now that you've paid
He's all yours.
Mr. Xu, please help me take a look.
What the hell is this object?
Mr. Xu is really an old object